Magento folder content tune up (#815)
magento/merchdocs: src/magento/magento-account-secure.md

>    You can either scan the QR code using the two-factor authentication application or manually enter the code into your two-factor authentication application. This will sync your two-factor authentication application with your Magento.com account and allow your two-factor authentication application to generate verification codes that Magento.com will accept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can either scan the QR code using the TFA application or manually enter the code into your TFA application. This will sync your TFA application with your Magento.com account and allow your TFA application to generate verification codes that Magento.com will accept.
```

1. Click <span class="btn">Submit</span> to complete the login process.

## Log in using your recovery email

> 1. Go to the Magento account login: [https://account.magento.com/customer/account/login][1]{:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Magento.com account at [https://account.magento.com/customer/account/login][1]{:target="_blank"}.
```

1. In the left navigation pane, click **Account Settings** and click **Two-factor Authentication** underneath.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-2fa-manage.png %}){: .zoom}
   _TFA settings_

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Change TFA Application</span> to use a different two-factor authentication application with your Magento.com account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Change TFA Application</span> to use a different TFA application with your Magento.com account.
```

> 1. With your two-factor authentication application now synced to your Magento.com account, enter the **Verification Code** displayed in your two-factor authentication application and click <span class="btn">Verify Code</span> to continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. With your TFA application now synced to your Magento.com account, enter the **Verification Code** displayed in your TFA application and click <span class="btn">Verify Code</span> to continue.
```

1. In the left navigation pane, click **Account Settings** and click **Two-factor Authentication** underneath.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-2fa-manage.png %}){: .zoom}
   _TFA settings_

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Disable</span> to begin the two-factor authentication deactivation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Disable</span> to begin the TFA deactivation process.
```

>    You will also receive an email confirmation indicating that two-factor authentication has been disabled on your Magento.com account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will also receive an email confirmation indicating that TFA has been disabled on your Magento.com account.
```
